# oh-my-zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aliases
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ansible
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/bgnotify
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colored-man-pages
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colorize
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copybuffer
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copydir
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copyfile
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/dircycle
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/encode64
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/extract
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fancy-ctrl-z
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-lfs
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/isodate
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/node
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/per-directory-history
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pip
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pipenv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rsync
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sudo
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/systemd
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/themes
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/universalarchive
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/urltools
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/web-search
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zoxide

# others
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
desyncr/auto-ls
bric3/nice-exit-code
djui/alias-tips
skx/sysadmin-util
zdharma-continuum/history-search-multi-word branch:main

# syntax highlighting must be last
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
